[IMPROVED] Audited README files for consistency, formatting, and style (#237)
1Password/scim-examples: kubernetes/README.md

# Deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge on Kubernetes

> *Learn how to deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge using Kubernetes and load balancer services.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Learn how to deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge on a Kubernetes cluster.*
```

2. (Optional) Create Kubernetes Secrets for Google Workspace
3. Deploy 1Password SCIM bridge to your cluster
4. Create a DNS record for SCIM bridge
5. Configure Let's Encrypt

## Structure

- [`op-scim-deployment.yaml`](./op-scim-deployment.yaml): The Deployment object for the SCIM bridge container.
- [`op-scim-service.yaml`](./op-scim-service.yaml): Public load balancer for SCIM bridge to enable connectivity for your idenitty provider.
- [`op-scim-config.yaml`](./op-scim-config.yaml): Configuration for the SCIM bridge Deployment.
- [`redis-deployment.yaml`](./redis-deployment.yaml): A Redis cache deployed in the cluster.
- [`redis-service.yaml`](./op-scim-service.yaml): Kubernetes Service for the Redis cache to enable connectivity inside the cluster.
- [`redis-config.yaml`](./redis-config.yaml): Configuration for the Redis cache.

## Preparing

Ensure you've read through the [PREPARATION.md](/PREPARATION.md) document before beginning deployment.
> **Note**
>
> If you use Azure Kubernetes Service, learn how to [deploy the SCIM bridge there](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-azure/).

## Clone `scim-examples`
**Table of contents:**

> As seen in [PREPARATION.md](/PREPARATION.md), you’ll need to clone this repository using `git` into a directory of your choice.

Reviewer 2: Should the ToC mention the preparation file in this one?

Author: @libutcher Hmm, I'm not sure what you mean. Could you elaborate? 😄

Reviewer 2: Ah whoops! I think I must have misread the changes in AWS when I did my diff read-through and thought the note about the file still existed above the ToC.

> Before you begin, read the [PREPARATION.md](/PREPARATION.md) document.

Reviewer: Use the name of the doc rather than the filename for consistency and readability:

```suggestion
Before you begin, read the [Preparation Guide](/PREPARATION.md) document at the root of this repository.
```

> Before you begin, read the [Preparation Guide](/PREPARATION.md) document at the root of this repository.

Reviewer 2: Same standardization note here as in Docker

> After [prepared your 1Password account](/PREPARATION.md#prepare-your-1password-account), [create a Kubernetes Secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configmap-secret/managing-secret-using-kubectl/#create-a-secret) containing the contents of the `scimsession` credentials file. Use `--from-file=[key=]source` when you create the Secret, name it `scimsession`, specify the `scimsession` key, and set its value as the contents of the `scimsession` file. For example (replace `./scimsession` if the file is saved in another directory and/or with a different filename):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you [prepare your 1Password account](/PREPARATION.md#prepare-your-1password-account), [create a Kubernetes Secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configmap-secret/managing-secret-using-kubectl/#create-a-secret) containing the contents of the `scimsession` credentials file. Use `--from-file=[key=]source` when you create the Secret, name it `scimsession`, specify the `scimsession` key, and set its value as the contents of the `scimsession` file. For example (replace `./scimsession` if the file is saved in another directory and/or with a different filename):
```

Run the following command to deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge:

```bash
kubectl apply --filename=./
```

### If Google Workspace is your identity provider

If you use Google Workspace as your identity provider and have stored your `workspace-credentials.json` and `workspace-settings.json` files in the same directory as your deployment files, you may see the following error after running `kubectl apply --filename=./`:

```bash
error validating "workspace-credentials.json": error validating data: [apiVersion not set, kind not set]; if you choose to ignore these errors, turn validation off with --validate=false
error validating "workspace-settings.json": error validating data: [apiVersion not set, kind not set]; if you choose to ignore these errors, turn validation off with --validate=false
```
You can safely ignore these errors, or move the `workspace-credentials.json` and `workspace-settings.json` to a different directory before running `kubectl apply --filename=./`.

## Step 3: Create a DNS record

The [`op-scim-bridge` Service](./op-scim-service.yaml) creates a public load balancer attached to your cluster, which forwards TLS traffic to SCIM bridge.

> Run the following command:

Reviewer 2: Ordered steps could be nice in this section

```bash
kubectl get service
```

Copy the address listed under the `External IP` column for the `op-scim-bridge` Service from the output.

> **Note**
>
> It can take a few minutes before the public address becomes available. Run the command again if doesn't appear in the output.

After you copy the address, create a public DNS record pointing to this address, as outlined in [the preparation guide](/PREPARATION.md).

## Step 4: Configure Let's Encrypt

After you've created a DNS record and it's propagated, run the following command to set the `OP_TLS_DOMAIN` environment variable to the fully-qualified domain name (FQDN) for the SCIM bridge based on this record. Replace `scim.example.com` with the FQDN.

```bash
kubectl set env deploy/op-scim-bridge OP_TLS_DOMAIN=scim.example.com
```

The SCIM bridge will restart and acquire a TLS certificate using Let's Encrypt.

## Step 5: Test the SCIM bridge

You can test your instance by requesting `https://[your-domain]/scim/Users`, with the header `"Authorization: Bearer TOKEN_GOES_HERE"`, which should return a list of the users in your 1Password account.

For example, to do this with `curl`:

```bash

> curl --header "Authorization: Bearer TOKEN_GOES_HERE" https://scim.example.com/scim/Users

Reviewer: `/scim` path is not needed:

```suggestion
curl --header "Authorization: Bearer TOKEN_GOES_HERE" https://scim.example.com/Users
```

This may be useful for troubleshooting, or when contacting 1Password Support.

### TRACE mode

Set `OP_TRACE` to `1` to enable TRACE-level debug output in the logs:

```bash
kubectl set env deploy/op-scim-bridge OP_TRACE=1
```

This may be useful for troubleshooting Let’s Encrypt integration issues.

### Health check ping server

> On some Kubernetes clusters, health checks can fail for the SCIM bridge before the bridge is able to obtain a Let’s Encrypt certificate. Set `OP_PING_SERVER` to `1` to enable a `/ping` endpoint on port `80` so that health checks will always be brought online:

Reviewer: Clarification:

```suggestion
On some Kubernetes clusters, health checks can fail for the SCIM bridge before the bridge is able to obtain a Let’s Encrypt certificate. Set `OP_PING_SERVER` to `1` to enable a `/ping` endpoint available on port 80 to use for health checks:
```
